feat(api): introduce get/getByText/getByRole (#17577)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-frame.md

* since: v1.17

## method: Frame.get
* since: v1.27
- returns: <[Locator]>

> The method finds an element matching the specified selector in the `Locator`'s subtree. It also accepts filter options, similar to [`method: Locator.filter`] method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method finds an element matching the specified selector inside the frame. It also accepts filter options, similar to [`method: Locator.filter`] method.
```
